 Hi,

I hope that my resume successfully conveyed my passion for software development. Over the course of my internship in OSS, I've learned many things about ARM and the industry in general. My ability to operate with a big organization, and on the other hand work in a small team has improved significantly, and has made me much more industry ready than before the summer. My appreciation for and competence with embedded development has similarly increased over the course of the internship; my grip on C, build systems such as make, version control, code review, and the embedded particulars of development is much stronger.

//ATG would be an exciting opportunity to expand my horizons further, and flex my research abilities. Investigating and working with cutting edge technology and incorporating it into ARM's business would be an exciting challenge to undertake. I can point to my previous work on an EPQ (extended project qualification) concerning the application  of artificial neural networks to game AI during sixth form as having build a good foundation for my research abilities. My upcoming work on finite state machines for my dissertation will strengthen my abilities further.

//As an intern who spent their summer in OSS, joining the GPGPU team would be a tremendous opportunity to work in a different part of the organisation. I've had opportunities to work with drivers and HALs on the SCP project, and the logging facility I was tasked with implementing had to be optimised both to reduce binary size and the cycles required to use it. I would be excited to learn about OpenCL, CUDA, and Renderscript, about parallel execution in general. 



If you choose to consider me for this position, you will get a passionate employee who takes pride in applying what they already know and is endless seeking to build upon themselves in pursuit of self improvement. You will get an adaptable graduate who will endeavor to be an as effective as possible asset to your team.

Thanks for your consideration 
